docs: validate user data mod (#3587)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/edgeforge-workflow/validate-user-data.md

After preparing or modifying your **user-data** file, you can validate your user data before using it to build the Edge
installer ISO. This allows you to be confident that your user data follows the expected schema and avoid having to
rebuild Edge artifacts due to user data errors. The following issues will be flagged through validation:

> - YAML formatting issues. This includes
> - Omission of the `#cloud-config` header.
> - Missing required fields or fields containing incorrect data types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- YAML formatting issues. This includes:
  - Omission of the `#cloud-config` header.
  - Missing required fields. 
  - Fields containing incorrect data types.
```

## Validate User Data

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="CanvOS">

From the **CanvOS** directory, issue the following command.

```shell
sudo ./earthly.sh +validate-user-data
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Palette Edge CLI">

From the directory where the Palette Edge CLI executable is present, issue the following command. Replace

> `path-to-user-data` with the path to your user-data file. Refer to [Downloads](../../../spectro-downloads.md) to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<path-to-user-data>` with the path to your user-data file. Refer to [Downloads](../../../spectro-downloads.md) to
```

+validate-user-data | time=*2024-07-25T20:19:172* level=info msg="Validation successful"
```

> If the data does not pass the validation, the output will display the error found. For example, if you have the
> `stylus.registryCredentials.password` field and does not provide a value, the following error will be displayed in the
> output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the data does not pass the validation, the output will display the encountered error. For example, if the
`stylus.registryCredentials.password` field is present but no value is provided, the following error will be displayed in the
output.
```

Reviewer: maybe?
